Laugh, and the world laughs with you; weep, and you weep alone. Ella Wheeler
All emotions are pure which gather you and lift you up; only the feeling is impure that seizes only one side of your being and thus distorts you. Rainer Maria Rilke
The act of dying is one of the acts of life. Marcus Aurelius
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment. Buddha
Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. George Bernard Shaw
Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less. Marie Curie
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated. Confucius
We do not remember days, we remember moments. Cesare Pavese
Life is a series of natural and spontaneous changes. Don’t resist them – that only creates sorrow. Let reality be reality. Let things flow naturally forward in whatever way they like. Lao Tzu
He who has a why to live can bear almost any how. Friedrich Nietzsche
Good friends, good books and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life. Mark Twain
It is not length of life, but depth of life. Ralph Waldo Emerson
Into each life some rain must fall. Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Life itself is the most wonderful fairy tale. Hans Christian Andersen
Beware the barrenness of a busy life. Socrates
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage. Lao Tzu
'Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all. Alfred Lord Tennyson
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies. Aristotle
True love is like ghosts, which everyone talks about and few have seen. Francois de La Rochefoucauld
We loved with a love that was more than love. Edgar Allan Poe
Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit. Khalil Gibran
Tell me who admires and loves you, and I will tell you who you are. Antoine de Saint-Exupery
Fortune and love favor the brave. Ovid
True love is eternal, infinite, and always like itself. It is equal and pure, without violent demonstrations: it is seen with white hairs and is always young in the heart. Honore de Balzac
True love cannot be found where it does not exist, nor can it be denied where it does. Torquato Tasso
A loving heart is the truest wisdom. Charles Dickens
The ear is the avenue to the heart. Voltaire
Love is all we have, the only way that each can help the other. Euripides
Life is the flower for which love is the honey. Victor Hugo
Love is the only reality and it is not a mere sentiment. It is the ultimate truth that lies at the heart of creation. Rabindranath Tagore
There is nothing on this earth more to be prized than true friendship. Thomas Aquinas
One of the most beautiful qualities of true friendship is to understand and to be understood. Lucius Annaeus Seneca
There are no strangers here; Only friends you haven’t yet met. William Butler Yeats
It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them. Ralph Waldo Emerson
True friends stab you in the front. Oscar Wilde
One loyal friend is worth ten thousand relatives. Euripides
My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me. Henry Ford
A friend to all is a friend to none. Aristotle
The most I can do for my friend is simply be his friend. Henry David Thoreau
Friends are the siblings God never gave us. Mencius
Of all possessions a friend is the most precious. Herodotus
Be courteous to all, but intimate with few, and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence. George Washington
Friendship improves happiness and abates misery, by the doubling of our joy and the dividing of our grief. Marcus Tullius Cicero
If you have one true friend you have more than your share. Thomas Fuller
A friend is what the heart needs all the time. Henry Van Dyke
Time and tide wait for no man. Geoffrey Chaucer
Time flies over us, but leaves its shadow behind. Nathaniel Hawthorne
Lost time is never found again. Benjamin Franklin
Time changes everything except something within us which is always surprised by change. Thomas Hardy
Know the true value of time; snatch, seize, and enjoy every moment of it. No idleness, no laziness, no procrastination: never put off till tomorrow what you can do today. Philip Stanhope, 4th Earl of Chesterfield
Time stays long enough for anyone who will use it. Leonardo da Vinci
Time is what we want most, but what we use worst. William Penn
Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend. Theophrastus
The past cannot be cured. Elizabeth I
There are no secrets that time does not reveal. Jean Racine
Time, the devourer of all things. Ovid
Time sometimes flies like a bird, sometimes crawls like a snail; but a man is happiest when he does not even notice whether it passes swiftly or slowly. Ivan Turgenev
Time brings all things to pass. Aeschylus
Time is the wisest counselor of all. Pericles
Time will pass and seasons will come and go. Roy Bean
Moons and years pass by and are gone forever, but a beautiful moment shimmers through life a ray of light. Franz Grillparzer
God gave us the gift of life; it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well. Voltaire
Our birthdays are feathers in the broad wing of time. Jean Paul
Let us never know what old age is. Let us know the happiness time brings, not count the years. Ausonius
A gift, with a kind countenance, is a double present. Thomas Fuller
A gift consists not in what is done or given, but in the intention of the giver or doer. Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. Anyone who keeps learning stays young. The greatest thing in life is to keep your mind young. Henry Ford
The day which we fear as our last is but the birthday of eternity. Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you don’t mind, it doesn’t matter. Mark Twain
Old age, believe me, is a good and pleasant thing. It is true you are gently shouldered off the stage, but then you are given such a comfortable front stall as spectator. Confucius
It is not how old you are, but how you are old. Jules Renard
We are always the same age inside. Gertrude Stein
Old age is like everything else. To make a success of it, you’ve got to start young. Theodore Roosevelt
Old age comes on suddenly, and not gradually as is thought. Emily Dickinson
Every man desires to live long, but no man wishes to be old. Jonathan Swift
For it is in giving that we receive. Francis of Assisi
I will honor Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year. Charles Dickens
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared. Buddha
A good conscience is a continual Christmas. Benjamin Franklin
It is a fine seasoning for joy to think of those we love. Moliere
Christmas is a season for kindling the fire for hospitality in the hall, the genial flame of charity in the heart. Washington Irving
The excellence of a gift lies in its appropriateness rather than in its value. Charles Dudley Warner
Happy, happy Christmas, that can win us back to the delusions of our childhood days, recall to the old man the pleasures of his youth, and transport the traveler back to his own fireside and quiet home! Charles Dickens
A happy family is but an earlier heaven. George Bernard Shaw
The way to know life is to love many things. Vincent Van Gogh
Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love. Lao Tzu
There is no remedy for love but to love more. Henry David Thoreau
Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all the others. Marcus Tullius Cicero
If the only prayer you ever say in your entire life is thank you, it will be enough. Meister Eckhart
The greatest events – they are not our loudest, but our stillest hours. Friedrich Nietzsche
No man has a good enough memory to be a successful liar. Abraham Lincoln
Get your facts first, then you can distort them as you please. Mark Twain
Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive. Elbert Hubbard
Laziness is nothing more than the habit of resting before you get tired. Jules Renard
If you could kick the person in the pants responsible for most of your trouble, you wouldn’t sit for a month. Theodore Roosevelt
A government that robs Peter to pay Paul can always depend on the support of Paul. George Bernard Shaw
The chief function of the body is to carry the brain around. Thomas A. Edison
Wine is constant proof that God loves us and loves to see us happy. Benjamin Franklin
Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday. Don Marquis
Fashions have done more harm than revolutions. Victor Hugo